I worked as a project manager in a financial regulatory system. I have a team of 7 people. Team members use user story to collect customer needs. The team members to calculate story point for each user story and to sort user stories. We arranged several rounds of iteration by estimate a rate. At the beginning of the iteration, The team and cusotmer discussed the user stories what need to done in the iteration. In the iteration process, The team members will open 15 minutes a day of standing meeting to share their own development and experience. At the end of the iteration, Customers and the team to review the product. After evaluation, The team members together for this iteration were reviewed, summarizing the experiences. Finally, I will finish the story point as the next iteration of the rate.The team and cusotmer discuss the user stories that need to be done in the next iteration.After the 4 iteration, we conducted a release, the customer is satisfied with the release of the product.Agile management method allows me to quickly submit valuable products to customers.







I worked as a project manager in a financial regulatory system. There is a less than 8 people in the team. I use user story to collect requirements from customers and use the story point to calculate the amount of work. Using MoSCoW to sort user stories. After estimating an initial rate, I split the project into several iterations. Each iteration is 2 weeks.When the iteration begins, I discuss the need to complete the user stories with customers, arrange the iteration backlog. In the iterative process, every day I held a 15 minutes standing meeting to share the development of the members. Kanban and other agile effective tools used in this project. After the iteration is completed, I held an iterative review meeting acceptance products, held a review meeting summary experience. I will complete the iteration of the story as the next iteration of the rate.After 4 iterations, I have a release. Customer satisfaction with product release. This agile management method has given me great help, let me in this type of project ahead of time to achieve the delivery, and customer satisfaction.

